This repository is a collection of the work that I've produced over the course of COMP20. It's to show the skills I've learned through projects to make them more visible.

My favorite assignment was Assignment 3, which was to create the server for the landmarks display of Assignment 2. It was the most difficult for me which is why it was the most satisfying to finish. There was something gratifying about seeing a product that I created and understanding what was happening at various different stages of its working.

I think I have grown a fair amount from day 1 to now, but not a tremendous amount when compared with how much I will grow from this class. COMP 20 has taught me to "just figure it out" when things don't go right. It's taught me how to find my problem on stackOverflow and how to formulate what I don't know into a question that I can ask others when I need help. I can't read the future, but I think these skills will let me grow much more and help me change from a semi-compentent developer to a highly effective one, with time.

This brings me to the most important thing I've learned in this course- how to ask the right questions. Before this class, I had a hard time asking questions (and I still do, to some extent). But going to Ming for office hours has made this course work much easier. When I was spinning my wheels on importing data to the mongoDB database for assignment 3, I had to figure out what was going wrong so that I could bring it to office hours and get help. I've also learned how to figure out the right questions to google to find helpful resources. Usually, simply searching the error output isn't helpful. Including the names of the tools used can lead to tutorials, which has been essential using Flask on the group project, as the documentation is quite poor.

Now that the course is coming to an end, I wish I had learned more about what the internet is and how it came to be. What's a DNS server? Basically- what happens when you hit enter on www.google.com- but in more detail 
